Issue 642 aws rds ec2 - closes #642 (#643)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/aws/modules/aws-rds/README.md

# AWS RDS

[aws-signin]: https://signin.aws.amazon.com/signin?redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Feu-west-1.console.aws.amazon.com%2Fconsole%2Fhome%3Fnc2%3Dh_ct%26region%3Deu-west-1%26src%3Dheader-signin%26state%3DhashArgs%2523%26isauthcode%3Dtrue&client_id=arn%3Aaws%3Aiam%3A%3A015428540659%3Auser%2Fhomepage&forceMobileApp=0

[list-of-db]: https://eu-west-1.console.aws.amazon.com/rds/home?region=eu-west-1#databases:

[rds-search]: https://i.imgur.com/MI1F1pF.png

[create-db-button]: https://i.imgur.com/evMR2h3.png

[rds-select-easy-create]: https://i.imgur.com/jZirykl.png

[rds-select-engine-and-type]: https://i.imgur.com/6ngjCEX.png

[rds-add-credentials]: https://i.imgur.com/0BQKM7U.png

[rds-endpoint-information]: https://i.imgur.com/jRbWZLO.png

<!--TOC_START-->
## Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Tutorial](#tutorial)
- [Exercises](#exercises)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Overview

> Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) was designed to make it easier to set up, operate, and scale in the cloud. This is very cost-efficient and has resizeable capacity, and the usual time-consuming tasks are all automated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon **R**elational **D**atabase **S**ervice (RDS) was designed to make it easier to set up, operate, and scale in the cloud. This is very cost-efficient and has resizeable capacity, and the usual time-consuming tasks are all automated.
```
